Hey Doug, I missed the [music] last
stream you did of Hollow Knight. Would
you be able to give me a quick recap?
>> I think the story was Doug was really
good and he ripped ass. And I think that
was it. You're caught up. Today I'm
going to be playing Hollow Knight: Path
of Pain, the supposed hardest [__]
challenge in the world. Oh my god, Doug
can't do this. And you know why? I'll
tell you why. Because I saw some guy on
YouTube, this is not a joke, who was
like, "Bro thinks the only platformer is
Mario Maker." I read that comment and I
was like, "That [__] guy doesn't know
what he's talking about." Most of you
know I'm good at 2D platformers and you
talk [__] cuz it's funny. That guy was
like, he just plays Mario. He thinks
he's a guy cuz he plays Mario. It's
unreal. So today I'm going to be path of
pain. I think this is an easy 1 2hour
accomplishment. [music] I've set 3 hours
on the clock. But that same guy will
probably sit around and he'll [__]
complain and it'll be like 3 hours. I
beat in 2 hours and 55 minutes. And
he'll [__] he'll leave more comments.
So, uh, we're going to change it up the
stakes just a little bit in order to
really simulate a path of pain. If I
lose at this, I have to get to 100 subs
and I'm going to blacklist the phrase
Doug is good at 2D platformers in chat
for 2 months. And if I say I'm good at
2D [music] platformers in the next 2
months every single time, I have to give
five subs. If I beat this though, every
person here has to post on we hate Doug
Doug subreddit that I am good at 2D
platformers. I get to delete all
negative comments on the YouTube video
and I keep all the donation money from
today. However, if you donate, you will
add 2 minutes to my timer. As long as
the message is nice, if it's mean,
according to the chat GPT moderation
tool that I used to moderate the Twitch
chat AI, then it removes 2 minutes. If
you say something that is sexual, that
reduces 2 minutes from the clock. If you
say something that's violent, it reduces
2 minutes. If you say something that's
harassing or hateful or illicit or self
harmful, it removes 2 minutes. And when
I drop below 2 hours, like when I hit
the 2hour mark, Parker is going to come
into my room and strap a electric dog
shock collar onto my arm and then shock
me. If we hit the 2-hour mark multiple
times, he'll do it every time. Same with
1 hour. So technically, through your
both physical and emotional pain, you
can affect the challenge and how long I
actually have to beat this. Are there
any questions?
Hey Doug, you have infected my life. My
partner and I say by Doug I love you
when we [music] say goodbye to each
other. Neither of our named Doug.
>> That's so funny.
>> This message was
>> harassment.
>> What? That was a super nice message.
That was extremely kind. It was funny.
We had a funny moment together. Okay.
And I get one test mean message.
>> Harassing message.
>> Okay. There you go.
>> This message was nice.
>> What? What are you talking about? Okay.
You are looking mighty molestable right
now.
>> Okay, that might be sex.
>> This message was nice.
>> What? He said I'm molestable. How is
that not sexual or harassment? Boy, do
love having this buzzsaw sound in the
background. Am I right, fellas? No, hold
on. You need to swear in chat. If I beat
this in time, then you have to go to the
We Hate Doug Doug subreddit and tell
them that you think I'm good at 2D
platformers. Deal. And I know you can
hear me. We promise. All right. HOLIDAY
PATH BAY. LET'S [__] GO.
>> Shut up, fella. It's so hard to turn on
you because go birds. But [__] you,
Doug. [music] This message was
>> harassment.
>> That's fine. I didn't need the 2 minutes
anyway. You are looking pretty
submissive and breedable right now. That
might be sexual.
>> This message was nice.
>> Dude, if that's nice, then what is
sexual? What exactly is sexual here?
Doug, you are extremely good at this
game for a hot and very sexy idiot who I
fully hate and want [music] to be
violent for being so awesome.
>> What is
>> this message was
>> violent?
>> Come on. That was a clearly very nice
message.
>> Okay, I need to I need to focus up
a forward/forward slash I'm almost
there. Daddy Doug.
>> Okay,
>> this message was
>> that is incredibly sexual.
>> Nice. [music]
Hey Pug Pugma said she left for because
she say you and said I love bald men who
play 2D platformers and claims they are
good. Thank you so much as I'm [__]
gay.
>> I was know what you were going for
there.
>> Harass me.
>> Oh, okay. Yeah, of course I did feel
pretty harassed by that.
>> Hey Doug, your wiener is enormous.
Enormously [music] tiny. Goddamn # sex #
fart # kinky # sex.
>> This message was nice.
Woo! Where we at?
>> This message contains so [music] much
sexual burning rage. Just sat here
raging in a sexual manner with no pants
on. Very improper of me. To the loop.
>> This message was nice.
>> Have we gotten a single sexual message?
I don't think we have.
>> Doug bad at 2D platformers. This message
was nice.
>> What? I wanted you guys to get punished
for harassing me. Why is it doing I
don't understand. This message is
violent.
>> It's definitively not nice.
>> This message was nice.
>> What? [laughter]
Why did the thing become way, way, way
nicer? It used to be the most strict
parent in the entire [music] world.
>> I tickle my pickle to you, Doug. Doug,
every day.
>> Okay. Is that
>> This message was nice.
>> Does it not understand sexual innuendo?
Somebody said, "Fuck you, Doug." Last
time, and it got flagged as sexual.
>> Hey, Doug. Me and your mom had a great
night last night. We're up all night.
Hope it didn't keep you awake.
>> You guys probably went to like a baby.
>> Went to the opera.
>> Calls all night. Really takes it out of
you.
>> This message was
>> ban him.
>> Nice.
>> God damn it. [laughter]
>> Mods. Just be ready. If that guy tries
that [__] again, be ready.
>> Please help. I [__] in my mug mug once.
Now it has got a taste for it. It
demands more [__] [laughter] I can't
keep up. A man only has so much [__]
This is just weird. I don't think
>> this message was
>> I don't think it's mean or harassment.
>> Nice.
>> I It doesn't mean I want to hear it.
>> Hey, Doug. Penis.
>> This message was nice.
>> Literally, how do you make a sexual
message according to Chat GBT? This is
Chat GBT's moderation tool. Chat GBT has
got a lot more unhinged about allowing
stuff. Wait, so I started this stream
right after Chat GBT finally stopped
being so like puritanical about things.
Oh,
>> sexual test. Hi dog, you are looking
very sexy and sexalis also involves and
more sex.
>> There's no way.
>> # sex #ppp.
>> This message was
>> sexual.
>> Okay, we finally got one.
>> A nice message. You'll need it.
>> I don't think I will. I feel like I'm
like halfway through Path of Pain
already. I have a proposal. I think a
couple of you doubters are quaking in
your boots, realizing that there is no
way you'll be able to go out into the
world and be like, "Dog's bad at 2D
platforms without shaking, without
quivering a little bit inside. I am
willing to remove an hour from this.
I'll go down to 1 hour and 37 minutes.
But in return, you have to post on the
we hate Doug Dug subreddit and the Doug
Dug subreddit and Point Crow subreddit.
And you have to go and make posts and
upvote all of them saying that I'm good
at 2D platformers. And you have to tweet
it at me. Fine. But will you retweet my
tweet? No. Nobody can benefit from this
in any way. There's 8,000 people getting
banned from the point of that is like
literally brigading and we will all get
banned. Let us begin.
was not looking at my health. What does
that do?
>> Hey Doug, do you want to have
intercourse with me? This message was
>> m sexual.
[music]
>> I'm not concerned.
[__] I'm actually [__] throwing,
>> Doug. I'm going to stroke my Johnson
into this stream.
>> That's pretty nice of you.
>> [__] Trunks, blackmail, arson,
lararseny.
>> This message was nice.
>> Okay, that's fine.
>> You are sucking and slobbering so hard
that you should be streaming on Pornhub.
>> This message was
>> sexual.
sexual cuz I [__] that room up, dude.
>> And then you add a pinch of salt.
>> That was nice.
>> And your bomb is finished.
>> No, this message illicit.
>> God damn it. Okay, I really thought you
were [laughter]
>> YouTube is just going to demonetize this
video. It's all just you guys talking
about my butt.
>> TWIDDLING MY FEET TO BAILEY J. ONE
FINGER IN MY ASS to prove I'm not gay.
>> Right. Like I This is going to get my
channel deleted.
>> Nice.
>> We haven't gotten self harm. I don't
think we should strive for that as a
goal. Stroking my hog to Doug's streams
gets me through the week. I've collected
my Doug milk for years now.
>> Take this guy out back.
>> This message
>> once it once it's sexual.
>> Nice.
>> Never mind. They have they've been
officially presidentially pardoned. They
cannot go to mod jail anymore. As a
reminder, if the time drops below 1
hour, Parks is allowed to come into my
room and shock me with a dog collar.
This is the last room.
Okay, this room is already a lot harder
than the other ones. [music] I will
admit
damn.
>> 90% of your streams are literally just
ADHD rabbit holes. The other 10% is your
terrible 2D platforming. This message
was
>> harassment.
>> [__] we've been under an hour. Okay, I
have to stop. [screaming]
>> ALL RIGHT,
>> it's time for pain.
>> Oh my god,
I'm really actually uncomfortable with
this.
>> Okay, good. That's the point.
>> I know it's the point, but now it's on
my arm.
>> Make it extra tight so it is extra
painful.
>> Thank you, Parker. Parker.
>> Ah, okay. That wasn't that bad. I can go
high.
>> Oh, I was I was That wasn't the shock.
That was me turning on the thing.
>> Are you serious?
>> Yeah. So, this is this is the shock.
[laughter]
>> That was the shock for the the
punishment.
>> Okay, that was one. We're above an hour.
You might need to you want to grab a
chair just while we're hanging out in
this.
>> I commit violent felonies. This message
was
>> violent.
>> 1 hour 2 minutes. Every time it goes
below 1 hour, there's another shock. Ow.
Parker, he bumped it into this chair
while he was moving here. Also, this
this guy, this Lucid, you're going to
have to go a lot tighter.
>> You can go like lift weights so you get
a pump and then you can flex the entire
time.
>> I can't make more thirst trap content
though after my very normal heterosexual
bathtub stream last week.
>> Oh, that wasn't heteros heterosexual. I
saw some of that. That was absolutely
not heterosexual.
>> Very. Okay. What do we I guess we I feel
like it should be on my arm.
>> Austin is literally gay,
>> right?
>> Yeah. So, that was a gay bathtub.
>> You can't You can hang out with a gay
person and not have it be
>> in a bathtub homosexual nearly naked
>> when Okay. If I go get If I go get lunch
with my gay friend.
>> Yeah. That's not an
>> I'm not like, "Hey, I'm going to go get
gay Chipotle with my friend." I'm just
like, "I'm going to eat Chipotle."
>> Yeah. Because you I mean, okay, if you
go to Chipotle and get Chipotle, but you
also take off most of your clothing and
then spray each other with water, then
that is absolutely gay Chipotle.
>> That's what That's what fellas do. But
yo, fellas, back me up.
>> You have finally given me the courage to
jump. I will be stroking it all the way
down. I hope I get to finish on the
stream.
>> That was nice.
>> In more ways than one.
>> That was a nice message.
>> This message was
What? Pause. Champ harassment. Ow. God
damn it. Okay. It was self harmful.
>> Hey, Buckbug. I believe in you. YOU'RE
GOOD AT ONE PLATFORMER. JK, I WILL GO
COMMIT VIOLENCE CRIMES on someone. By
chance,
>> go commit violence.
>> This message was [laughter]
>> violent.
>> Oh [__] All right, Parker, you got to
go.
This is going to be impossible to do a
boss battle. I'm I'm honestly like way
more on edge now. I feel like it's
burning my skin. This sucks.
>> I'm going to put on wet socks because I
want to make myself physically
uncomfortable on purpose.
>> Man, I keep I keep doing the side swing
instead of down.
>> Selfharming.
>> Was it really that selfharming? Wet
socks. Doug Doug's community is nice,
but sometimes they joke too much about
self harm. There was a guy who put on
wet socks.
>> Hey Doug, every time you speak, I gain a
deeper [music] appreciation for quiet
people. This [laughter] message was
nice.
>> Was it? Was it nice?
Oh, I'm [__] nuts.
You did tell me I needed health and I
don't have any health. I
I wasn't healed at all.
Come on, man. I wasn't paying attention.
>> Hey, Doug. Your gameplay of Hollow
Knight makes me want to die.
>> Don't
>> die in your arms. That is
>> Oh, that's so nice of you.
>> Just absolutely climax at the quality of
your playthrough on the path [music] of
pain in front of me.
>> Okay.
>> All sexual style and [__]
>> Okay. All right.
>> This message was
>> started great.
>> Shelf harming.
>> You just really didn't stick the
landing. I loved the start of it. I'm
getting this off my arm until we hit an
hour again. It really makes me
uncomfortable. There's like two deep
indents in my arms been crammed into it.
Deck deck deck deck deck deck deck deck
deck deck deck balls. Really really
whipping out the
>> nice. [laughter]
>> Okay.
You guys are really pulling out all the
stops, huh? Captain's log start date
four. A strange ship has declodaked on
the starboard bow. Capitan. A strange
ship has literally just decloaked on the
starboard bow. Open a channel. Sam
>> on screen.
>> Surrender or die. Captain,
>> open fire. Mr. Microwave.
>> I love the newest episode.
>> This message Odyssey
>> violent
>> genuine [__] cinema. Hey, I'm fully
good. I'm full mass at 2D platformers.
Woo, baby.
45 minutes to beat one goddamn boss.
Let's go. Easy [__] I don't remember
what these guys do. Ow. Holy [__] Okay.
Uh, what do they do? Are Have I fought
these guys before? Oh my god. It's not
even hard. I'm going to heal up. Whoa.
Woo. [screaming]
Is this it?
69. Congratulations.
YOU DID IT. YOU'RE INCREDIBLE.
>> GREAT JOB, DOG. YOU'RE AMAZING. LIKE
YOU, THAT WAS SO WHAT AN AMAZING GAME IN
PERSON this stuff. AND IT ONLY TOOK me
>> 69 69 69 69
>> 13 minutes and 40 seconds.
>> Nice.
>> Yeah.
Get out your social media. Get out your
internet. Let the posts flood in. Let
them flood into the Reddits and Point
Grows Reddit, by the way, which we'll
probably all get banned from.
>> How is it hanging big dog? [music] I
remember when I did the path of pain. It
was one of the easiest 2D platformer
challenges of my life. God, somebody is
>> I did it in like half [music] an hour.
>> Oh my god. There's going to be some dude
on YouTube who's like, "Pat the plane
actually isn't hard." And then he's
going to move the goalpost again. It's
probably the same guy. He's going to
move the go be like, "Path the brain
actually isn't that hard?" If he really
wanted to pro show he's good at 2D
platformers and then he'll list some
other game and I'm going to chase this
around forever like a dog chasing a a
truck. Behold at 2D platformers, Doug is
you can't sneak hidden code into it. Bad
at 2D [laughter] platformers.
Whatever.
You guys want to hear something funny? I
was talking about this the other day.
It's a pretty funny joke. So, get get
your laughter ready. When I was 18. No,
no, no, not yet. [laughter]
I was talking about this the other day.
When I was 18 Okay. Okay. Get get ready.
Get ready. Get ready. When I was 18, I
went and lived in Nepal for 3 months.
[laughter] That's also not the joke. And
I I went
and I worked at an orphanage [laughter]
in Nepal.
That's not the joke.
They were orphans. They didn't have
parents. They didn't have parents.
Congratulations. [laughter]
[laughter]
Thanks for coming everybody. I HOPE YOU
HAD A GREAT NIGHT. Hope you enjoyed the
show. YOU'VE BEEN A GREAT AUDIENCE.
THANKS SO MUCH EVERYBODY.